Mozilla Public License Version 2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 Tiago Venceslau and Contributors

1. Definitions

"Contributor"
    means each individual or legal entity that creates, contributes to the
    creation of, or owns Covered Software.

"Contributor Version"
    means the combination of the Contributions of others (if any) used by a
    Contributor and that particular Contributor's Contribution.

"Covered Software"
    means Source Code Form to which the initial Contributor has attached the
    notice in Exhibit A, the executables produced from that Source Code Form,
    and modifications of such Source Code Form, in each case including the
    files distributed with such Source Code Form.

"Incompatible With Secondary Licenses"
    means that the initial Contributor has attached the notice described in
    Exhibit B to the Covered Software; the covered software is therefore
    governed by the terms of this license without the option for the
    additional permissions of a Secondary License.

"License"
    means this document.

"Licensable"
    means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether
    at the time of the making or afterwards, any and all of the rights conveyed
    by this License.

"Modifications"
    means any addition to or deletion from the contents of Covered Software
    or any new file that contains any Covered Software.

"Patent Claims"
    means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including
    without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent
    Licensable by grantor.

"Secondary License"
    means either the GNU General Public License, Version 2.0, the GNU Lesser
    General Public License, Version 2.1, or any subsequent versions of those
    licenses that are designated as a Secondary License.

"Source Code Form"
    means the form of the work preferred for making modifications.

"You" (or "Your")
    means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and
    complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal entities,
    "You" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under
    common control with You. For purposes of this definition, "control"
    means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
    management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b)
    ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or
    beneficial ownership of such entity.

2. License Grants and Conditions

Each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive
license:

  a. under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark)
     Licensable by such Contributor to use, reproduce, make available,
     modify, display, perform, distribute, and otherwise exploit its
     Contributions, either on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis; and

  b. under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of
     Contributions made by that Contributor alone or jointly with others;
     provided that You agree to the terms of this License.

This license does not grant any rights in the trademarks, service marks, or
logos of any Contributor (except as may be necessary to comply with the
notice requirements in Section 3.4).

3. Distribution Obligations

3.1. Distribution of Source Form

All distribution of Covered Software in Source Code Form, including any
Modifications that You create or to which You contribute, must be made under
this License. You must inform recipients that the Source Code Form of the
Covered Software is governed by the terms of this License, and include a copy
of this License in or with the Source Code Form.

3.2. Distribution of Executable Form

If You distribute Covered Software in Executable Form then:

  a. such Covered Software must also be made available in Source Code Form,
     as described in Section 3.1, and You must inform recipients of the
     Executable Form how to obtain a complete copy of the corresponding
     Source Code Form in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily
     used for software exchange; and

  b. You may distribute the Executable Form under terms of Your choice,
     provided that You do not attempt to limit or alter the recipients'
     rights in the Source Code Form under this License; and that You do
     not add any further restrictions to the rights granted by this License.

3.3. Distribution of a Larger Work

You may create and distribute a work that combines Covered Software with
other material, and distribute the resulting work as a single product. In
order to do so, you must ensure the terms of this License are maintained for
any Covered Software contained within the Larger Work. If the Larger Work is
distributed in Executable Form containing Covered Software, then the Source
Code Form containing the Covered Software must be made available under the
terms of this License, and You must ensure the license notice described in
Exhibit A is included with the Source Code Form.

3.4. Notices

You must cause each file that you distribute containing Covered Software to
carry a legal notice stating that you have changed the file (if you have) and
including at least the ownership and license notice required by Exhibit A.

4. Incompatible With Secondary Licenses

If the Covered Software is made available under the terms of this License and
also made available under the terms of a Secondary License, then the terms of
the Secondary License apply to the Covered Software insofar as the Secondary
License grants additional permissions. If the Covered Software is not made
available under a Secondary License, then this License fully governs its use.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty

Covered Software is provided "as is". Contributors disclaim all warranties
and conditions, express or implied, including, without limitation, any
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
non-infringement.

6. Limitation of Liability

Except to the extent required by applicable law, in no event will any
Contributor be liable for any damages arising out of or in connection with
this License or the use or inability to use the Covered Software, even if
advised of the possibility of such damages.

7. Termination

This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with its
terms. However, if you cease all activities that violate the License, then
any patent license(s) granted by a Contributor which have been terminated
under this section will automatically reinstate if you resume compliance.

8. Miscellaneous

This License represents the complete agreement concerning the subject matter
hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, that
provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
enforceable. The headings are for convenience only and do not affect
interpretation.

Exhibit A - Source Code Form License Notice

  This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License,
  v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can
  obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

  Copyright (c) 2025 Tiago Venceslau and Contributors
